First of all, the foreign policy is to stand in the position of the empire.
I think that we must walk the path of the empire.
Even if it is a path of the empire, it does not mean a negative foreign policy.
We must not only respond to this global change, but also lead the world to change.
We must also make the new order of the world by our own power.
Therefore, the foreign policy should not be caught in the movement of the present.
We must think about the future of the country, and we must be self-reliant, active and constructive.
In the economic field, we must be more active than the foreign policy to achieve the strong results of the foreign policy.
The development of the economic system in the south and the south-west of the country is increasing.
In the future, we may have a shortage of resources or a short-term cut.
The government is trying to improve the situation and prepare for the people's living conditions.
This problem is a problem that affects the everyday life of millions of people.
All the people have left their jobs and are actively working to increase their income.
We must make a lot of effort to make a lot of money.
The countries that are in the middle of the recession do not see this.
The government wants to reduce the budget and reduce the cost of living.
However, we must make the order of the people.
We do not have the idea of making the people's lives difficult.
We must make the people happy and think about the future of the country.